template: work/work-kineticbeats
heroimage:
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/kinetic-beats-hero.png
introheading: Beat Making App
projecttype: Personal Project _
projectskills: UX/UI Design and Development
introtext: |
  During almost two years of crazy nights and weekends, a programmer friend and I set out to improve our understanding of design, development, and project management. We started with a broad general concept to create a beat making app. We refined and narrowed the concept throughout the development process. We prototyped many concept and abandoned ideas that didn't work. Our app is available for iPhone in the App Store.
  
  
  <a href="http://kinetic-beats.com" target="_blank">www.Kinetic-Beats.com</a>
referencesketch:
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/UI-wireframes-cutout.jpg
roles: |
  Roles
  
  We co-managed the project, giving each other freedom to reign over our individual areas of expertise, while maintaining an awareness of each other’s progress.
discovery: |
  Discovery
  
  We reasearched digital drumming apps, audio processing libraries, and experiemntal music technology. I sketched out a user workflow while while my partner wrote an algorithm to capture drum beats.
conceptulization: |
  Conceptulization
  
  The initial stages were extremely collaborative. We drew heavily from my experience in music. I sketched out concepts while my partner built proof of concept prototypes using Arduino.
bwphotos:
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/kinetic-beats-bw-drawing.jpg
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/kinetic-beats-bw-prototype.jpg
visualdesign: |
  Visual design
  
  I maintained complete control of visual design and did all of the creative work myself. The look of the app developed along with with concept. As we crossed technical hurdles, I itterated on the UI, making visual imporvements along the way.
video1: KBProcessVid
videowrap1: KBProcessVidWrap
designphotos1:
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/alt-UI-1.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/alt-UI-2.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/alt-UI-3.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/alt-UI-4.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/alt-UI-5.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/alt-UI-6.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/alt-UI-7.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/alt-UI-8.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/alt-UI-9.png
designphotos2:
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/main-UI-1.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/main-UI-2.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/main-UI-3.png
  - /assets/img/kinetic-beats/main-UI-4.png
development: |
  UI Development
  
  IOS development was a new experience for me. Before creating this app I had only built web interfaces. I relied heavily on online tutorals and learned from my mistakes along the way.
summary: summary
video2: KBDemoVid
videowrap2: vid-container
title: Kinetic Beats
id: d1920578-b16e-4836-a366-ddb512b04d60
