preview_image:
  - /assets/img/elixys/elixys-covershot-v10.jpg
preview_overlay:
  - /assets/img/elixys/elixys-covershot-transparent-v1.png
template: work/work-elixys
bannerbg:
  - /assets/img/elixys/Elixys-banner-bg.jpg
introheading: Radiochemistry UI
projecttype: 'Client: Sofie Biosciences _'
projectskills: 'UX/UI Design and Development '
introtext: |
  Working in-house as the only visual designer on a team of software and
  hardware engineers, maintaining a simple user experience for
  this complicated project was an ongoing battle. To succeed, I created
  frequent design iterations, maintained constant communication with
  stakeholders, and a organized UI components into a design pattern.
  
  <a href="http://sofiebio.com" target="_blank">www.sofiebio.com</a>
referencesketch:
  - /assets/img/elixys/elixys-ux-sketch-behance.jpg
roles: |
  Roles
  
  I did all visual and experience design with feedback from stakeholders. I worked closely with in-house software developers and a software firm. I also got involved in designing the metal housing and branding.
discovery: |
  Discovery
  
  While working in-house at SOFIE Biosciences, I met with stakeholders including chemists, engineers, and management. They needed a user friendly way to control a chemistry device they were inventing.
conceptulization: |
  Conceptulization
  
  Both the hardware and software went through several itterative phases. Althought the overall UI concept was designed prior to writing any code, we tested and imropved upon on individual modules as the project progressed. I frequently re-envisioned features to adapt for changing hardware requirements.
bwphotos:
  - /assets/img/elixys/geiger-counter.jpg
  - /assets/img/elixys/pf-viles.jpg
visualdesign: |
  Visual design
  
  Radiochemistry processes are very complex and aesthetics are typically not a major concern in the radio pharmacy industry. Simplifying the user experience and maintaining a high level of visual quality required an indepth knowledge of the project, far beyond the UI design.
development: |
  Development
  
  I worked with a software development firm to define a technology stack and define development processes. We built the first version with the software firm, then brought development in-house.
summary: |
  summary
  
  Stylish, simple, and easy to use. This robust UI removes the user’s focus from the hardware and allows them to focus on the experiments they are performing. The design has gotten rave feedback from users.
title: ELIXYS
id: 649b0812-1bc5-48eb-ba9f-4744b334ece7
